# Support

mail: adevcoder@gmail.com

# Terms & Conditions

By downloading or using the app, these terms will automatically apply to you – you should make sure therefore that you read them carefully before using the app. You’re not allowed to copy or modify the app, any part of the app, or our trademarks in any way. You’re not allowed to attempt to extract the source code of the app, and you also shouldn’t try to translate the app into other languages or make derivative versions. The app itself, and all the trademarks, copyright, database rights, and other intellectual property rights related to it, still belong to ADevCoder.

ADevCoder is committed to ensuring that the app is as useful and efficient as possible. For that reason, we reserve the right to make changes to the app or to charge for its services, at any time and for any reason. We will never charge you for the app or its services without making it very clear to you exactly what you’re paying for.

The All Apps app stores and processes personal data that you have provided to us, to provide my Service. It’s your responsibility to keep your phone and access to the app secure. We therefore recommend that you do not jailbreak or root your phone, which is the process of removing software restrictions and limitations imposed by the official operating system of your device. It could make your phone vulnerable to malware/viruses/malicious programs, compromise your phone’s security features and it could mean that the All Apps app won’t work properly or at all.

The app does use third-party services that declare their Terms and Conditions.

Link to Terms and Conditions of third-party service providers used by the app

Google Play Services
You should be aware that there are certain things that ADevCoder will not take responsibility for. Certain functions of the app will require the app to have an active internet connection. The connection can be Wi-Fi or provided by your mobile network provider, but ADevCoder cannot take responsibility for the app not working at full functionality if you don’t have access to Wi-Fi, and you don’t have any of your data allowance left.

If you’re using the app outside of an area with Wi-Fi, you should remember that the terms of the agreement with your mobile network provider will still apply. As a result, you may be charged by your mobile provider for the cost of data for the duration of the connection while accessing the app, or other third-party charges. In using the app, you’re accepting responsibility for any such charges, including roaming data charges if you use the app outside of your home territory (i.e. region or country) without turning off data roaming. If you are not the bill payer for the device on which you’re using the app, please be aware that we assume that you have received permission from the bill payer for using the app.

Along the same lines, ADevCoder cannot always take responsibility for the way you use the app i.e. You need to make sure that your device stays charged – if it runs out of battery and you can’t turn it on to avail the Service, ADevCoder cannot accept responsibility.

With respect to ADevCoder’s responsibility for your use of the app, when you’re using the app, it’s important to bear in mind that although we endeavor to ensure that it is updated and correct at all times, we do rely on third parties to provide information to us so that we can make it available to you. ADevCoder accepts no liability for any loss, direct or indirect, you experience as a result of relying wholly on this functionality of the app.

At some point, we may wish to update the app. The app is currently available on Android & iOS – the requirements for the both systems(and for any additional systems we decide to extend the availability of the app to) may change, and you’ll need to download the updates if you want to keep using the app. ADevCoder does not promise that it will always update the app so that it is relevant to you and/or works with the Android & iOS version that you have installed on your device. However, you promise to always accept updates to the application when offered to you, We may also wish to stop providing the app, and may terminate use of it at any time without giving notice of termination to you. Unless we tell you otherwise, upon any termination, (a) the rights and licenses granted to you in these terms will end; (b) you must stop using the app, and (if needed) delete it from your device.

Changes to This Terms and Conditions

I may update our Terms and Conditions from time to time. Thus, you are advised to review this page periodically for any changes. I will notify you of any changes by posting the new Terms and Conditions on this page.

These terms and conditions are effective as of 2022-08-09

Contact Us

If you have any questions or suggestions about my Terms and Conditions, do not hesitate to contact me at adevcoder@gmail.com.

This Terms and Conditions page was generated by App Privacy Policy Generator



# Privacy Policy

ADevCoder built the All Apps app as an Open Source app. This SERVICE is provided by ADevCoder at no cost and is intended for use as is.

This page is used to inform visitors regarding my policies with the collection, use, and disclosure of Personal Information if anyone decided to use my Service.

If you choose to use my Service, then you agree to the collection and use of information in relation to this policy. The Personal Information that I collect is used for providing and improving the Service. I will not use or share your information with anyone except as described in this Privacy Policy.

The terms used in this Privacy Policy have the same meanings as in our Terms and Conditions, which are accessible at All Apps unless otherwise defined in this Privacy Policy.

Information Collection and Use

For a better experience, while using our Service, I may require you to provide us with certain personally identifiable information. The information that I request will be retained on your device and is not collected by me in any way.

The app does use third-party services that may collect information used to identify you.

Link to the privacy policy of third-party service providers used by the app

Google Play Services
Log Data

I want to inform you that whenever you use my Service, in a case of an error in the app I collect data and information (through third-party products) on your phone called Log Data. This Log Data may include information such as your device Internet Protocol (“IP”) address, device name, operating system version, the configuration of the app when utilizing my Service, the time and date of your use of the Service, and other statistics.

Cookies

Cookies are files with a small amount of data that are commonly used as anonymous unique identifiers. These are sent to your browser from the websites that you visit and are stored on your device's internal memory.

This Service does not use these “cookies” explicitly. However, the app may use third-party code and libraries that use “cookies” to collect information and improve their services. You have the option to either accept or refuse these cookies and know when a cookie is being sent to your device. If you choose to refuse our cookies, you may not be able to use some portions of this Service.

Service Providers

I may employ third-party companies and individuals due to the following reasons:

To facilitate our Service;
To provide the Service on our behalf;
To perform Service-related services; or
To assist us in analyzing how our Service is used.
I want to inform users of this Service that these third parties have access to their Personal Information. The reason is to perform the tasks assigned to them on our behalf. However, they are obligated not to disclose or use the information for any other purpose.

Security

I value your trust in providing us your Personal Information, thus we are striving to use commercially acceptable means of protecting it. But remember that no method of transmission over the internet, or method of electronic storage is 100% secure and reliable, and I cannot guarantee its absolute security.

Links to Other Sites

This Service may contain links to other sites. If you click on a third-party link, you will be directed to that site. Note that these external sites are not operated by me. Therefore, I strongly advise you to review the Privacy Policy of these websites. I have no control over and assume no responsibility for the content, privacy policies, or practices of any third-party sites or services.

Children’s Privacy

These Services do not address anyone under the age of 13. I do not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from children under 13 years of age. In the case I discover that a child under 13 has provided me with personal information, I immediately delete this from our servers. If you are a parent or guardian and you are aware that your child has provided us with personal information, please contact me so that I will be able to do the necessary actions.

Changes to This Privacy Policy

I may update our Privacy Policy from time to time. Thus, you are advised to review this page periodically for any changes. I will notify you of any changes by posting the new Privacy Policy on this page.

This policy is effective as of 2022-08-09

Contact Us

If you have any questions or suggestions about my Privacy Policy, do not hesitate to contact me at adevcoder@gmail.com.

This privacy policy page was created at privacypolicytemplate.net and modified/generated by App Privacy Policy Generator


# Return and Refund Policy  
========================

Last updated: August 09, 2022

Thank you for shopping at ShowPlex.

If, for any reason, You are not completely satisfied with a purchase We invite
You to review our policy on refunds and returns. This Return and Refund Policy
has been created with the help of the [Return and Refund Policy
Generator](https://www.privacypolicies.com/return-refund-policy-generator/).

The following terms are applicable for any products that You purchased with
Us.

Interpretation and Definitions  
==============================

Interpretation  
--------------

The words of which the initial letter is capitalized have meanings defined
under the following conditions. The following definitions shall have the same
meaning regardless of whether they appear in singular or in plural.

Definitions  
-----------

For the purposes of this Return and Refund Policy:

  * Application means the software program provided by the Company downloaded
    by You on any electronic device, named ShowPlex

  * Company (referred to as either "the Company", "We", "Us" or "Our" in this
    Agreement) refers to ShowPlex.

  * Goods refer to the items offered for sale on the Service.

  * Orders mean a request by You to purchase Goods from Us.

  * Service refers to the Application.

  * You means the individual accessing or using the Service, or the company,
    or other legal entity on behalf of which such individual is accessing or
    using the Service, as applicable.


Your Order Cancellation Rights  
==============================

You are entitled to cancel Your Order within 45 days without giving any reason
for doing so.

The deadline for cancelling an Order is 45 days from the date on which You
received the Goods or on which a third party you have appointed, who is not
the carrier, takes possession of the product delivered.

In order to exercise Your right of cancellation, You must inform Us of your
decision by means of a clear statement. You can inform us of your decision by:

  * By email: adevcoder@gmail.com

We will reimburse You no later than 14 days from the day on which We receive
the returned Goods. We will use the same means of payment as You used for the
Order, and You will not incur any fees for such reimbursement.

Conditions for Returns  
======================

In order for the Goods to be eligible for a return, please make sure that:

  * The Goods were purchased in the last 45 days

The following Goods cannot be returned:

  * The supply of Goods made to Your specifications or clearly personalized.
  * The supply of Goods which according to their nature are not suitable to be
    returned, deteriorate rapidly or where the date of expiry is over.
  * The supply of Goods which are not suitable for return due to health
    protection or hygiene reasons and were unsealed after delivery.
  * The supply of Goods which are, after delivery, according to their nature,
    inseparably mixed with other items.

We reserve the right to refuse returns of any merchandise that does not meet
the above return conditions in our sole discretion.

Only regular priced Goods may be refunded. Unfortunately, Goods on sale cannot
be refunded. This exclusion may not apply to You if it is not permitted by
applicable law.

Returning Goods  
===============

You are responsible for the cost and risk of returning the Goods to Us. You
should send the Goods at the following address:

adevcoder@gmail.com

We cannot be held responsible for Goods damaged or lost in return shipment.
Therefore, We recommend an insured and trackable mail service. We are unable
to issue a refund without actual receipt of the Goods or proof of received
return delivery.

Gifts  
=====

If the Goods were marked as a gift when purchased and then shipped directly to
you, You'll receive a gift credit for the value of your return. Once the
returned product is received, a gift certificate will be mailed to You.

If the Goods weren't marked as a gift when purchased, or the gift giver had
the Order shipped to themselves to give it to You later, We will send the
refund to the gift giver.

Contact Us  
----------

If you have any questions about our Returns and Refunds Policy, please contact
us:

  * By email: adevcoder@gmail.com


